hi I'm Dean Johnson from the home
improvement television series hometime
along with my co-host Miriam Johnson in
our line of work
we see the effects hard water has on a
home some things are easy to see
like hard water spots soap scum and
stains but then there are others you
don't see like scale buildup in a home's
pipes and water using appliances in fact
there are studies that prove that hard
water can cost more of your hard-earned
dollars for example water heaters are
less energy efficient and fixtures have
a shorter lifespan when used with hard
water with hard water the battle begins
every time you turn the water on
unfortunately many people just learn to
deal with the effects of hard water they
use more shampoo and soap to get a
lather they buy all kinds of cleaning
supplies and fabric softeners they wash
their clothes with harsh detergents and
constantly scrub and wipe and clean but
the fight continues hard water is not
only tough on your home it's also tough
on you
it affects everything from your skin
hair plumbing bathtubs showers and sinks
to your clothes and water using
appliances hard water also takes its
toll on your dishes glasses silverware
and whether you realize it or not your
pocketbook even if your water is
supplied by your city it's likely you're
suffering from hard water problems most
of us have hardness in our water no
matter what the source instead of
spending your time energy and money
cleaning up after hard water or
replacing the damage that's caused you
could be enjoying the countless benefits
of having soft clean water in your home
for starters your appliances will work
better and last longer your hair and
skin will be smoother and softer your
laundry will be cleaner and brighter and
you'll spend less time cleaning up the
mess hard water makes there are so many
ways soft water can make a difference in
your life and let's not forget about
your drinking water you may not be
drinking the recommended 8 glasses of
water a day because you don't like the
taste or smell of your water or you're
unsure of its quality the only way to
know if your water is as clean as it
could be is to have it tested there are
so many things that can impact the
quality of water and we can no longer
assume that water that comes out of our
taps is the best it can be
distribution lines homes plumbing and
various other things can
real impact on a homes water supply
additionally a recent report from the
president's cancer panel states that
installing in-home water filtration is a
recommended action to reduce exposure to
environmental elements that increase
one's risk for cancer
but there are steps you can take to help
protect your family for impurities that
may be found in tap water if you have
refreshing high quality drinking water
readily available in your home you may
find that you drink more water which
would be better for you the drinks you
prepare with high quality water will
look and taste better your ice cubes
will be clean and clear and you'll have
peace of mind knowing that you're
protecting your family from unwanted
substances that could be in your water
even your pets and plants will enjoy
drinking good water - we all know that
buying bottled water isn't the best
alternative it's inconvenient expensive
and its quality may not be better than
your own tap water in fact it might even
be worse plus the effects of bottled
water are killing our environment from
the resources used to produce the
bottles and transport them everywhere to
the waste that's taking over our
landfills bottled water is not the ideal
choice thankfully there is a better way
to better water call your local
authorized Kinetico dealer today and
find out how you can improve the water
in your home